1. This Git repository holds the work I did as part of Tufts Comp20: Web Programming class which I took in the Spring of 2017, during my senior year.
2. My favorite assignment was assignment 3 (which is not actually held in this repo) because I enjoy server-side programming more than frontend and it really brought a lot of the idea of the class together. The annotation lab was also a lot of fun and interesting, but synchronizing the timing of the subs and video eventually became a tad tedious.
3. I think I have grown a lot from the beginning of the course to the end. Prior to this course, I had built a website that used a server and database for a distributed database management systems class I took in London, but the lecturers for that class encouraged us to use very dated technologies (PHP and MySQL). It was tremendously helpful to learn some easier ways to build a website and to actually learn some principles of client-side development rather than teaching myself by hacking together scraps of code found online until it all works.
4. The most important thing I learned from this course is that there is no shame in consulting google and stackoverflow to answer questions and get pointed in the right direction on a project. This is an important lesson because I feel like much of the Tufts CS program discourages this just because many things (like just about all of 105) are exceedingly hard to Google and the professors prefer that you speak with TAs for solutions. Another reason this is important is that it allows me to maintain and expand upon my education once I have graduated and no longer have time to take full courses on anything I would like to learn.
5. Personally I would like to learn more ways of building server-side web projects and, toward that end, have started working on a personal project that uses python for its server and PostGres for its database. I am also interested in delving deeper into web security, particularly penetration testing.
